Recently some resident in
Teratai Residence
has reported that there
are hearing someone moaning in night
Based on the footage provided by another
resident
It is visible that there are something
flying in sky
when the sounds comes in
around 11.00 pm at night
This footage then brought attention
from our documentation team
They have followed it to a forest
At there, they found nothing but a
mysterious mushroom
It was a pink colored mushroom that have
no spots on it
The mushroom seems innocent in daytime but
in night .....
it transformed.... into a witch
and the public are urged to be careful with
stranger whenever possible